regarder, to look
manger, to eat
bouger, to move
demeurer, to abide
se lever, to arise
se réveiller, to awake
Ítre, to be
supporter, to bear
battre, to beat
devenir, to become
arriver, to befall
engendrer, to beget
commencer, to begin
contempler, to behold
se courber, to bend
priver, to bereave
supplier, to beseech
parier, to bet
commander / retenir, to bespeak
offrir / ordonner, to bid
lier / relier, to bind
mordre, to bite
saigner, to bleed
souffler, to blow
casser, to break
apporter, to bring
construire, to build
brûler, to burn
éclater, to burst
acheter, to buy
jeter, to cast
attraper, to catch
gronder, to chide
choisir, to choose
fendre, to cleave
s'accrocher, to cling
vêtir, to clothe
venir, to come
coûter, to cost
ramper, to creep
couper, to cut
oser, to dare
distribuer, to deal
creuser, to dig
plonger, to dive
faire, to do
dessiner, to draw
rêver, to dream
boire, to drink
conduire, to drive
habiter, to dwell
manger, to eat
tomber, to fall
nourrir, to feed
sentir / éprouvern, to feel
combattre, to fight
trouver, to find
s'enfuir, to flee
voler, to fly
s'abstenir, to forbear
interdire, to forbid
prédire, to forecast
oublier, to forget
pardonner, to forgive
abandonner, to forsake
geler, to freeze
obtenir, to get
dorer, to gild
ceindre, to gird
donner, to give
aller, to go
moudre, to grind
grandir, to grow
suspendre, to hang
avoir, to have
entendre, to hear
se soulever, to heave
tailler, to hew
se cacher, to hide
frapper, to hit
tenir, to hold
blesser, to hurt
garder, to keep
s'agenouiller, to kneel
tricoter, to knit
savoir, to know
charger, to lade
mener, to lead
sauter, to leap
apprendre, to learn
laisser, to leave
prêter, to lend
permettre, to let
allumer, to light
perdre, to lose
faire, to make
signifier, to mean
rencontrer, to meet
fondre, to melt
se tromper, to mistake
faucher, to mow
payer, to pay
mettre, to put
quitter, to quit
lire, to read
déchirer, to rend
débarasser, to rid
chevaucher, to ride
sonner, to ring
courir, to run
scier, to saw
dire, to say
voir, to see
chercher, to seek
bouillir, to seethe
vendre, to sell
envoyer, to send
fixer, to set
coudre, to sew
secouer, to shake
briller, to shine
tirer, to shoot
montrer, to show
lacérer, to shred
rétrécir, to shrink
confesser, to shrive
fermer, to shut
chanter, to sing
couler, to sink
être assis, to sit
massacrer, to slay
dormir, to sleep
glisser, to slide
frapper, to smite
semer, to sow
parler, to speak
épeler, to spell
dépenser, to spend
renverser, to spill
cracher, to spit
fendre, to split
répandre, to spread
coller, to stick
piquer, to sting
joncher, to strew
frapper, to strike
s'efforcer, to strive
jurer, to swear
suer, to sweat
balayer, to sweep
enfler, to swell
nager, to swim
se balancer, to swing
prendre, to take
enseigner, to teach
déchirer, to tear
raconter, to tell
penser, to think
prospérer, to thrive
jeter, to throw
enfoncer, to thrust
comprendre, to understand
défaire, to undo
renverser, to upset
se réveiller, to wake
tisser, to weave
pleurer, to weep
gagner, to win
enrouler, to wind
retirer, to withdraw
travailler, to work
tordre, to wring
écrire, to write

